Give me a rich and noble Qin Feng
You don't pee either, just like you are now
Sorry to compare with me
Everything I have today on Qingming
I earned it all with my own hands
It has nothing to do with your situation
What can you afford me?
Just three melons and two dates.
I really don't like it
Can you stand here today and confront us?
It is nothing more than relying on women to eat soft rice
It's a pity you don't know the importance of today's banquet
That's right, dare to jump up and down at the ivy feast
Even if you have Tang Xueyin behind you
What can you do if you have Xuanque?
Do you think they will really do it for you?
And offend the Qin army?
Kid Today's Banquet
But there is Jiu Ye
It is hereby held for that adult in person
Canonized King Earrings
And you keep repeating
Challenge my bottom line again and again
Even the Gong De banquet of my Bai clan was smashed
No one can save you today
Not to mention the creature
It's Jiu Ye
It's also an existence you can't afford to offend
Huh?
How can I not be offended?
Frog in the Well
That's because you don't know how powerful Jiu Ye is
Dare to be so arrogant as a jumping beam clown
Boy, I might as well tell you
It only took Jiu Ye half a year
Fight the crowd with one
Immediately
All walks of life
Invest countless
Let South Province for decades
Hundreds of years of old fat afternoons have surrendered to him
This ability
You don't think that by commercial means alone
And wealth accumulation
Jiu Ye is an iron fist, an iron fist and an iron means
The speed of light has rectified the restless things of boys
No hypocrisy
These can assist
What are you laughing at? Who told others that it was not enough for you to toss?
You put it away first and be our lovers
Although I feel sick when I see your face
But the thought of you dying in front of me for a while
I can't bear it.
Loyal words
I advise you to leave quickly
This is not the place for you, wife
If you have to be obsessed
I'm afraid I won't come for a long time.
You have a destiny to go out
That being the case
Then let Pei Jiuling come over in person
I'd like to see if he dares to kill me
Chen Jiuling within three minutes
Allure tired